DOCS-6660-added semantic versioning details (#28)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/pages/create-an-api-configure-service-mesh-CLI.adoc

| `name` | The name of the API that you want to provision, for example, `orders-api`. | Required | Not applicable
| `namespace` | The namespace in which you want to create the adapter, for example, `mulesoft-apps`. | Optional | default
| `environmentId` | The ID of the environment where you want to create your API instance. | Required | Not applicable

> | `groupId` | The ID of the group of assets on Exchange, for example, the organization ID. You can find the organization ID on the API Manager landing page or in Access Management. | Optional | Organization ID of the organization that contains the environment. 

Reviewer: @tbruno Is org Id really optional ? 
> | Optional | Organization ID of the organization that contains the environment.

| `assetId` | The ID of the assets that are a part of an organization. Supports alphanumeric characters without spaces. | Required | Not applicable

> | `version` | The version of the asset on Exchange. The version number must follow the semantic versioning format for major, minor, and patch releases. | Required | Not applicable

Reviewer: Add an eg - 1.0.0 or 1.0.1

| `environmentId` | The ID of the environment where you want to create your API instance. | Required | Not applicable

> | `groupId` | The ID of the group of assets on Exchange, for example, the organization ID. You can find the organization ID on API Manager landing page or in Access Management. | Optional | Organization ID of the organization that contains the environment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `groupId` | The ID of the group of assets on Exchange, for example, the organization ID. You can find the organization ID on the API Manager landing page or in Access Management. | Optional | Organization ID of the organization that contains the environment. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| `assetId` | The ID of the assets that are a part of an organization. Supports alphanumeric characters without spaces. | Required | Not applicable
| `version` | The version of the asset on Exchange. The version number must follow the semantic versioning format for major, minor, and patch releases. | Required | Not applicable
| `instanceLabel` | The ID of the API instances of an Asset within a given environment. Supports alphanumeric characters without spaces. | Required | Not applicable

> | `specTags` | Tags to be added to the asset on Exchange. |  Optional | Not applicable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `specTags` | Tags to add to the asset on Exchange. |  Optional | Not applicable
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | `instanceTags` | Tags to be added to the API instance on API Manager. |  Optional | Not applicable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `instanceTags` | Tags to add to the API instance on API Manager. |  Optional | Not applicable
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
